feat(curriculum): add Sudoku solver project Python (#52452)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-classes-and-objects-by-building-a-sudoku-solver/6568c024933423d85d5ed93c.md

---
id: 6568c024933423d85d5ed93c
title: Step 38
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-38
---

# --description--

If `num` is not in the row, the expression evaluates to `True` and it means the number is valid for insertion.

If `num` is in the row, the expression evaluates to `False` and insertion would violate the rules.

> Return the value from the previous stepcso that the validity of a number can be checked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return the value from the expression you wrote in the previous step, so that the validity of a number can be checked.
```

# --hints--

> Append `return` to the statement in the previous step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should add a `return` statement before `num not in self.board[row]`.
```
